Tridion Docs the #1 Enterprise DITA CCMS - RWS
Skip to main content
Enterprise CCMS
Tridion Docs - the #1 intelligent content platform for technical knowledge
Easily govern and deliver multilingual product and support information, procedures and guidelines with our enterprise DITA CCMS.
Get in touch
Intelligent content management
Swap document chaos for
content confidence
Your world moves fast. Staff and customers need real-time access to technical information that’s current, compliant and tailored to their context.
When your content is trapped in static documents that lack proper governance, information gets out of date and users are confused.
Managing this chaos is a costly drain on time and resources. But with Tridion Docs, you can manage the complexity with confidence.
This enterprise DITA Component Content Management System (CCMS) turns your mission-critical information into intelligent content - reducing your risk, boosting your productivity and delivering better content experiences.
The best CCMS on the market just got even better. Discover our latest release.
Gen-AI assisted authoring, Trustable Chat, Hexahops, improved translation workflows and much more...
What’s new in Tridion Docs 15
Key benefits of a XML DITA-based CCMS
Go to market faster - Reduce duplication, speed up internal and regulatory approvals and streamline workflows
Work smarter, not harder
End copy and paste by reusing intelligent content components
Put everyone on the same page
Collaborate at the source without endless copies and emails
Upgrade your governance
Guarantee your content is always accurate, compliant and traceable
Create once, publish everywhere (COPE)
Publish dynamically to multiple channels from a single source
Transform content experiences
Slash costs and delight employees and customers with contextual, self-service content
Go to market faster
Reduce duplication, speed up internal and regulatory approvals and streamline workflows
Evaluate your return on investment
Tridion Docs provides measurable cost reduction and revenue benefits, which can make a big difference to your company’s bottom line.
Calculate your savings
Our customers
The Tridion Docs advantage
Outperforms competitors
Tridion Docs’ performance was scrutinized in 11 categories across business and technology criteria. It outperforms the competition in 8 of the categories, providing the most solid foundation for your current and future content challenges.
Learn more
Complete content lifecycle management
Tridion Docs is an end-to-end structured content solution with a single source of truth that joins up the way your content is created, translated, managed, delivered and consumed.
Trustworthy translation
Tridion Docs’ close integration with RWS language technologies streamlines translation and localization processes and assures high-quality content in any language.
Powered by AI
Generative AI and semantic AI work in tandem through enriched metadata and knowledge graphs, helping people get to their goals faster and assisting authors to draft content more efficiently.
Learn more
Built to handle complexity
Tridion Docs is unmatched in managing high volumes of concurrent, interdependent content variations across multiple products, geographies, languages and channels.
Learn more
Secure. Stable. Scalable.
Enterprise-grade quality and security certifications, an interoperable architecture, and cloud, hybrid and on-premises options mean you can rely on Tridion Docs every step of the way.
Tridion Docs modules
Take your content further
Tridion Docs is a composable platform, made up of a series of modules to meet your exact needs.
Content Experiences
Tridion Docs Genius
Reach goals faster with intelligent content discovery, using trustable chat, smart recommendations, advanced intent-based search, guided experiences and traditional portal-style information delivery.
Learn more
Dynamic Experience Delivery (DXD)
Dynamically deliver information to any digital touchpoint through our headless publishing capabilities, securely delivering content fluidly over any channel.
Learn more
Content Collaboration
Draft Space
Write your content in a familiar, online, Word-style interface, supported by Generative AI, while hiding the complexity of the underlying XML. Part of Collective Spaces.
Learn more
Review Space
Involve your subject matter experts in a collaborative, easy-to-manage document review process within a secure online environment. Part of Collective Spaces.
Learn more
Content Governance
Taxonomy Space
Easily manage your taxonomies and knowledge models using open standards such as SKOS and EuroVoc.
Learn more
Organize Space
Effectively manage your company's documentation and translation processes, configuring users, workflows and permissions through a user-friendly web interface.
Learn more
Start your journey
Talk to us to get started
Whether you're new to Tridion or an existing customer keen to understand what else we can help you with, our experienced team are here to understand your challenges, answer your questions, and help you achieve your content management goals.
Contact us
Related content
Tridion Docs – Collective Spaces
Learn more about how Tridion's Collective Spaces redefines editorial collaboration in global organizations.
Download data sheet
Tridion Docs localization
Learn more about how we can make translating your content more accurate, cheaper and faster.
Download data sheet
What’s new in Tridion Docs 15
Find out how our latest release streamlines user experiences, upgrades security and makes headless content more developer-friendly.
Download data sheet
Contact us